In this lecture we will learn about opacity and how we can specify image opacity using CSSA code opacity
refers to the level of transparency an image has the moral Paikin images the less transparent it is
and vice versa.
As we looked at in a previous lecture the transparent keyword allows us to specify a fully transparent
color CSSA also gives us the opacity property which we can specify as a float the higher reset the opacity
the more opaque it is when specifying opacity is a float value of value of zero is fully transparent
and a value of 1 is fully opaque.
For these examples let's create an image element and give it a source of ushe start PMG image.
Then we will add an opening and closing style tag where we will specify our style code.
We will use the opacity property and give our image an opacity of 1.0 or full opacity.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code as you can see our images displayed in full opacity on
our Web page.
Let's jump back to the other
to make our image fully transparent.
We can assign an opacity of zero point zero.
Let's make this change in the code.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code to see the result.
As you can see we can no longer see the images it is completely transparent.
Let's jump back to the other.
If we give our image opacity a float value between zero point zero and one point zero our image will
become partially transparent assigning our image in opacity of 0.5 will make our image display at 50
percent opacity.
Let's give our image an opacity value of 0.5 and then run our code in the web browser as you can see
our images displayed at half of its opacity in the next lecture we will learn about filters and see
assess.